Features/pp 83/rif relay operator manual (#741)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/relay/operator-manual.md

---
layout: rsk
title: RIF Relay Operator Manual
tags: rif, relay, gas station network, gsn
permalink: /rif/relay/operator-manual/
---

> RIF Relay operator manual can guide you to set up RIF Relay server, register the server, allow new tokens and execute transactions.

Reviewer: Maybe the execute transactions part is missing

Author: Fixed

## Table of Contents
- [**Hardware Requerements**](#hardware-requirements)
- [**System Requerements**](#system-requerements)

> - [**Download And Install**](#download-and-install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Download and install**](#download-and-install)
```

  - [**RSK Node**](#rsk-node)
  - [**Yarn**](#yarn)

>   - [**Node & NPM**](#node--npm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [**Node and nvm**](#node--npm)
```

>   - [**Npx & Truffle**](#npx--truffle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [**Npx and Truffle**](#npx--truffle)
```

> - [**Deploy contracts Locally**](#deploy-contracts-locally)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Deploy contracts locally**](#deploy-contracts-locally)
```

> - [**Deploy contracts On Testnet**](#deploy-contracts-on-testnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Deploy contracts on Testnet**](#deploy-contracts-on-testnet)
```

- [**Run the Relay Server**](#run-the-relay-server)
- [**Register the Relay Server**](#register-the-relay-server)
  - [**On Regtest**](#on-regtest)
  - [**On Testnet**](#on-testnet)
- [**Allow Token Address to BlackList**](#allow-token-address-to-blacklist)
  - [**On Regtest**](#on-regtest-1)
  - [**On Testnet**](#on-testnet-1)

## Hardware requirements

These are the minimum requirements that must be met to run an RIF Relay Server:

- 2 cores
- 4 GB RAM
- 50 GB storage
- OS x64, Linux and Windows

## System Requerements

### RSK Node

You need to have a running RSK node version [IRIS-3.0.0](https://github.com/rsksmart/rskj/releases) or higher.

### Yarn

We use `yarn` version `v1.22.0` or higher for package management. 

Installation instructions at Yarn's [site](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install). Check the install by running `yarn version`.

> ### Node & NPM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node and nvm
```

We use `Node` version `v12.18.3` or higher.

We recommend the use of [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and the `.nvmrc` file included at the root of this project, so you can install the correct node version through:

```
nvm use
nvm install
```

> ### Npx & Truffle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Npx and Truffle
```

> An important tool we use for interacting with the blockchain is `Truffle` version `v5.0.33` or higher.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add also the `npx` installation instructions

Author: Fixed.

You can follow the installation guide in the official [site](https://www.trufflesuite.com/truffle).

> ## Download And Install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Download and install
```

Go to [RIF Relay](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay) and download the release version.

Unzip and open a terminal on the root of the RIF Relay and execute.

```
yarn install
```

> ## Deploy contracts Locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy contracts locally
```

| Contract                        | Address                                    |
|=================================|============================================|
| Penalizer                       | 0xe8C7C6f18c3B9532343487faD807060750C1fE95 |
| RelayHub                        | 0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701 |
| SampleRecipient                 | 0x5D0aBdE7Ed6B7e122eD55EAe514E617d6c08f407 |
| SmartWallet                     | 0xB7a001eE69E7C1eef25Eb8e628e46214Ea74BF0F |
| SmartWalletFactory              | 0x8C1108cFCd7ddad09D8910e5f42982A6c54aD9cD |
| SmartWalletDeployVerifier       | 0x1938517B0762103d52590Ca21d459968c25c9E67 |
| SmartWalletRelayVerifier        | 0x74Dc4471FA8C8fBE09c7a0C400a0852b0A9d04b2 |
| CustomSmartWallet               | 0x96A90Ee24C20c78Ba20AcE1a2aa4D59F79353C54 |
| CustomSmartWalletFactory        | 0x89bac3BB0517F7Dc0E5E94265217A9Acc5cc489f |
| CustomSmartWalletDeployVerifier | 0x3eE31F6049065B616f85470985c0eF067f2bEbDE |
| CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier  | 0xDE8Ae20488BE104f0782C0126038b6682ECc1eC7 |
|=================================|============================================|
```

You'll need to save this summary for later use.

> ## Deploy contracts On Testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy contracts on Testnet
```

* **SMART_WALLET_RELAY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the smart wallet relay verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **CUSTOM_SMART_WALLET_DEPLOY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the custom smart wallet deploy verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **CUSTOM_SMART_WALLET_RELAY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the custom smart wallet relay verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **NETWORK**: the network id that for regtest is 33 so can leave it as it is.
* **RSK_HOST**: the RSK node endpoint host.
* **RSK_PORT**: the RSK node endpoint port.

After configuring that script you need to run it and wait until it finishes.

**Important Note**: the script to allow tokens assumes you are in regtest and uses the `account[0]` as the owner of the contracts and that's important because
only the owner can allow tokens on the contracts.

### On Testnet

There is no script for this situation, so you will need to call the method `acceptToken(address token)` directly in the following contracts, using an account with tRBTC:

> - `SmartWalletDeployVerifier`

Reviewer: Sorry, it's not clear to me what is the meaning of this list

Author: Add more clear instruction to AllowToken.

Reviewer 2: @antomor it means that the contracts on testnet will have to be interacted with directly instead of through a sript (as is the case for regtest).

for that you may use whichever tool you prefer, but you should go through each of the verifier contracts so that tokens are allowed in each of them (the same thing that the script does)

   * **SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed smart wallet factory contract address.
   * **RELAY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed relay verifier contract address.
   * **DEPLOY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed deploy verifier contract address.
   * **RELAY_HUB_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed relay hub contract address.
   * **RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS**: the RSK account address.
   * **RSK_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY**: the RSK account private key string.
   * **TOKEN_ADDRESS**: the token address.
   * **TOKEN_AMOUNT**: string containing the amount of tokens in decimal unit. This amount should be lower
     or equal to the amount of tokens that you transferred to the smart wallet account. If you didn't, just set `0` here.
   * **SMART_WALLET_INDEX**: a wallet index, since we can have more than just one smart wallet per RSK address
   * **SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER**: the RSK address that will be the recoverer account, in case the owner account is lost.
   * **SMART_WALLET_ADDRESS**: the address generated on the first step.

After following all these steps you should be able to have a deployed smart wallet with tokens ready to be used.

## RIF Relay Transaction

> Another option is to use RIF Relay through a RIF Relay Provider. A RIF Relay Provider is a web3 provider and all transactions and calls are handled through it. Under the hood, the RIF Relay Provider uses a RIF Relay Client instance to interact with the RIF Relay Server.

Reviewer 2: i would rather this section be a redirect to the integration guide, as it is an exact copy of it

Reviewer 2: if not, you cannot start the paragraph with "Another option" if it is the first option you are discussing

---
layout: rsk
title: RIF Relay Operator Manual
tags: rif, relay, gas station network, gsn
permalink: /rif/relay/operator-manual/
---

> RIF Relay operator manual can guide you to set up RIF Relay server, register the server, allow new tokens, create smart wallt, deploy smart wallet and execute transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RIF Relay operator manual can guide you to set up RIF Relay server, register the server, allow new tokens, create smart wallets, deploy smart wallets and execute transactions.
```

- [**System Requerements**](#system-requerements)
- [**Download and install**](#download-and-install)
  - [**RSK Node**](#rsk-node)
  - [**Yarn**](#yarn)
  - [**Node and nvm**](#node-and-nvm)
  - [**Npx and Truffle**](#npx-and-truffle)
- [**Deploy contracts locally**](#deploy-contracts-locally)
- [**Deploy contracts on Testnet**](#deploy-contracts-on-testnet)
- [**Run the Relay Server**](#run-the-relay-server)
- [**Register the Relay Server**](#register-the-relay-server)
  - [**On Regtest**](#on-regtest)
  - [**On Testnet**](#on-testnet)
- [**Allow Token Address to BlackList**](#allow-token-address-to-blacklist)
  - [**On Regtest**](#on-regtest-1)
  - [**On Testnet**](#on-testnet-1)
- [**How to Monitor the Address Used to Relay Transactions**](#how-to-monitor-the-address-used-to-relay-transactions)
  - [**On Regtest**](#on-regtest-1)
  - [**On Testnet**](#on-testnet-1)
- [**Create a Small Wallet**](#create-a-smart-wallet)
- [**Deploy a Smart Wallet**](#deploy-a-smart-wallet)
- [**Relay Transaction**](#relay-transaction)

## Hardware requirements

These are the minimum requirements that must be met to run an RIF Relay Server:

- 2 cores
- 4 GB RAM

> - 50 GB storage

Author: I don't know the minimum requirement, but with this specs the relay server will run and is a good spec to start with relay.

> - 50 GB storage

Reviewer 2: i would look into this for the next iteration, it seems a bit of an overkill unless you are running your own RSK node.

> - OS x64, Linux and Windows

Author: Yes i was tested using my mac emulate windows with bootcamp.

> - OS x64, Linux and Windows

Reviewer 2: gotcha

> ## System Requerements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## System Requirements
```

### RSK Node

You need to have a running RSK node version [IRIS-3.0.0](https://github.com/rsksmart/rskj/releases) or higher.

### Yarn

We use `yarn` version `v1.22.0` or higher for package management. 

Installation instructions at Yarn's [site](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install). Check the install by running `yarn version`.

### Node and nvm

We use `Node` version `v12.18.3` or higher.

We recommend the use of [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and the `.nvmrc` file included at the root of this project, so you can install the correct node version through:

```
nvm use
nvm install
```

### Npx and Truffle

An important tool we use for interacting with the blockchain is `Truffle` version `v5.0.33` or higher.

> You can follow the installation guide in the official [site](https://www.trufflesuite.com/truffle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the installation guide on the official [site](https://www.trufflesuite.com/truffle).
```

| SmartWallet                     | 0xB7a001eE69E7C1eef25Eb8e628e46214Ea74BF0F |
| SmartWalletFactory              | 0x8C1108cFCd7ddad09D8910e5f42982A6c54aD9cD |
| SmartWalletDeployVerifier       | 0x1938517B0762103d52590Ca21d459968c25c9E67 |
| SmartWalletRelayVerifier        | 0x74Dc4471FA8C8fBE09c7a0C400a0852b0A9d04b2 |
| CustomSmartWallet               | 0x96A90Ee24C20c78Ba20AcE1a2aa4D59F79353C54 |
| CustomSmartWalletFactory        | 0x89bac3BB0517F7Dc0E5E94265217A9Acc5cc489f |
| CustomSmartWalletDeployVerifier | 0x3eE31F6049065B616f85470985c0eF067f2bEbDE |
| CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier  | 0xDE8Ae20488BE104f0782C0126038b6682ECc1eC7 |
|=================================|============================================|
```

You'll need to save this summary for later use.

## Deploy contracts on Testnet

We'll use `truffle` for deploying contracts.

```
npx truffle migrate --network rsktestnet
``` 
*Disclaimer: to use testnet, you should have an unlocked account with funds or configure it in `truffle.js`.*

These contracts have been deployed on Testnet. See [here](/rif/relay/contracts/) for their addresses.

## Run the Relay Server

> To start the relay server, you need to configure the json config file located at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/jsrelay/config/relay-config.json` which has this structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the relay server, you need to configure the JSON config file located at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/jsrelay/config/relay-config.json` which has this structure:
```

Afterwards, run `yarn relay` to start the server.

If it's the first time the server is run, some logs will state that the server isn't ready and that some values are wrong. This is expected, you just need to register the server on the relay hub in order for it to be usable by the clients.

## Register the Relay Server

### On Regtest

Once the relay server is up, you need to register this server in order for it to be usable, to do so, first configure the script located on `<PROJECT_ROOT>/scripts/registerRelayServer` and replace the values as you see fit. The script contains the following:

```bash
node dist/src/cli/commands/enveloping.js relayer-register --funds 100 --stake 200 --network http://rsk-node:4444/ --hub "0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701"
```

Where:

* **--funds**: indicates the amount of RBTC that you will transfer from accounts[0] to the worker manager account.
* **--stake**: how much RBTC the server will stake. twice the value of funds is an acceptable value.
* **--hub**: is the relay hub contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.

> * **--network**: is the url of the rsk node API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **--network**: is the URL of the RSK node API.
```

> After doing that you need to open another terminal and run the `yarn registerRelay` command on the root of the relay project in order to register the relay. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After doing that, you need to open another terminal and run the `yarn registerRelay` command on the root of the relay project in order to register the relay. 
```

> After running this command you will be seeing several log entries indicating how everything is turning out. After a little while, look for this entry in the relay server execution terminal to make sure that the server is ready:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running this command, you will be seeing several log entries indicating how everything is turning out. After a little while, look for this entry in the relay server execution terminal to make sure that the server is ready:
```

```
Relayer state: READY
```

### On Testnet

1.  In another terminal run `curl http://<SERVER_URL>/getaddr`, which will return a JSON with information of the running jsRelay Server, for example:
```json
{
  "relayWorkerAddress": "0xe722143177fe9c7c58057dc3d98d87f6c414dc95",
  "relayManagerAddress": "0xe0820002dfaa69cbf8add6a738171e8eb0a5ee54",
  "relayHubAddress": "0x38bebd507aBC3D76B10d61f5C95668e1240D087F",
  "minGasPrice": "6000000000",
  "chainId": "31",
  "networkId": "31",
  "ready": false,
  "version": "2.0.1"
}
```
2. Send to relayManagerAddress at least 0.001 tRBTC to set it up
3. Send to relayWorkerAddress at least 0.001 tRBTC to set it up
4. Once both addresses have been funded, run:

```bash
node dist/src/cli/commands/enveloping.js relayer-register --network <RSKJ_NODE_URL> --hub <RELAY_HUB_CONTRACT_ADDRESS> -m <secret_mnemonic> --from <ADDRESS>  --funds <FUNDS> --stake <STAKE> --relayUrl <RELAY_URL>
``` 

where: 
- `<secret_mnemonic>` contains the path to a file with the mnemonic of a funded account to use during the relay server registration
- `<ADDRESS>` is the account address associated to that mnemonic.

> ## Allow Token Address to BlackList

Author: It is a mistake, is allow token to Whitelist.

Now the final step is to allow some tokens to be used by relay on the smart wallets.

### On Regtest

On regtest you can use a script located at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/scripts/allowTokens`. This script needs to be configured, and this is what it looks like:
   
```bash
#!/bin/bash

TOKEN_ADDRESSES="0x0E569743F573323F430B6E14E5676EB0cCAd03D9,0x1Af2844A588759D0DE58abD568ADD96BB8B3B6D8"
SMART_WALLET_DEPLOY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS="0x1938517B0762103d52590Ca21d459968c25c9E67"
SMART_WALLET_RELAY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS="0x74Dc4471FA8C8fBE09c7a0C400a0852b0A9d04b2"
CUSTOM_SMART_WALLET_DEPLOY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS="0x3eE31F6049065B616f85470985c0eF067f2bEbDE"
CUSTOM_SMART_WALLET_RELAY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS="0xDE8Ae20488BE104f0782C0126038b6682ECc1eC7"
NETWORK=33
RSK_HOST="rsk-node"
RSK_PORT=4444

TRUFFLE_CONFIG="module.exports = {  networks: { development: { host: '${RSK_HOST}', port: ${RSK_PORT}, network_id: '${NETWORK}' } } };"

echo "${TRUFFLE_CONFIG}" > truffle-config.js
...
```

Where:

> * **TOKEN_ADDRESSES**: it's a comma separated list of token addresses to be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **TOKEN_ADDRESSES**: it's a comma-separated list of token addresses to be allowed.
```

* **SMART_WALLET_DEPLOY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the smart wallet deploy verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **SMART_WALLET_RELAY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the smart wallet relay verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **CUSTOM_SMART_WALLET_DEPLOY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the custom smart wallet deploy verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **CUSTOM_SMART_WALLET_RELAY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS**: is the custom smart wallet relay verifier contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.
* **NETWORK**: the network id that for regtest is 33 so can leave it as it is.
* **RSK_HOST**: the RSK node endpoint host.
* **RSK_PORT**: the RSK node endpoint port.

After configuring that script you need to run it and wait until it finishes.

> **Important Note**: the script to allow tokens assumes you are in regtest and uses the `account[0]` as the owner of the contracts and that's important because
> only the owner can allow tokens on the contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important Note**: the script to allow tokens assumes you are in regtest and uses the `account[0]` as the owner of the contracts and that's important because only the owner can allow tokens on the contracts.
```

### On Testnet

There is no script for this situation, so you will need to use web3 to instanciate this contracts:
- `SmartWalletDeployVerifier`
- `SmartWalletRelayVerifier`
- `CustomSmartWalletDeployVerifier`
- `CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier`

 Then call the method `acceptToken(address token)` directly in each contracts, using an account with tRBTC:

## How to Monitor the Address Used to Relay Transactions

> Is important to verify the address used to relay transactions to have balance of rBTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to verify the address used to relay transactions to have enough balance (rBTC).
```

> To get the relayWorkerAddress call the relay server endpoing <host:port>/getaddr to get:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the `relayWorkerAddress`, the user can call the relay server endpoint `<host:port>/getaddr`. The following information will be returned:
```

{
  - `"relayWorkerAddress":"0x242870b75325309f3d1aa635fe175390fd8c15ea"`,
  - `"relayManagerAddress":"0xaf0e7d0d4ca272181680897d9358724564e88828"`,
  - `"relayHubAddress":"0x49b770a30156aDC02a08E1dd0d7CEAb021ABF34D"`,
  - `"minGasPrice":"1"`,
  - `"chainId":"33"`,
  - `"networkId":"33"`,
  - `"ready":true`,
  - `"version":"2.0.1"`
  }

## Create a Smart Wallet

There are **two ways** to create a Smart Wallet:

1. **Regular transaction:** The Requester (or another account on behalf of the Requester) calls the Proxy Factory asking to get a new Smart Wallet. Therefore the Proxy Factory creates a proxy to the SmartWallet code, delegating the ownership to the Requester.

> 2. **Sponsored:** It needs to go through the Enveloping process, which is described in detail below. The requester asks a third party to pay for the Smart Wallet deployment, and the requester pays in tokens for that (or free if it is subsidized by the third-party, a.k.a, Sponsor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Sponsored:** It needs to go through the Enveloping process, which is described in detail below. The Requester asks a third party to pay for the Smart Wallet deployment, and the Requester pays in tokens for that (or free if it is subsidized by the third-party, a.k.a, Sponsor).
```

## Deploy a Smart Wallet

> To deploy a smart wallet we need to do some steps to generate the wallet address,
> fund it and finally deploy the smart wallet. Here we are going to show you how to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a smart wallet, we need to do some steps to generate the wallet address, fund it and finally deploy the smart wallet. Here below the steps required:
```

> 1. Generate your smart wallet address. To do this you need to call the method `getSmartWalletAddress` on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate your smart wallet address. To do this, you need to call the method `getSmartWalletAddress` on the
```

   `SmartWalletFactory` contract, it can be found in the relay repo under `src/cli/compiled/SmartWalletFactory.json`.

>    You need to extract the abi from there and then use it to instantiate the contract with web3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You need to extract the ABI from there and then use it to instantiate the contract with web3.
```

   Here is an example of how to do it:
   ```javascript
        import Web3 from "web3";

        const web3 = new Web3(<RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT>);

        const smartWalletAddress = await new web3.eth.Contract(
            <SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_ABI>,
            <SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_ADDRESS>
        ).methods.getSmartWalletAddress(
            <RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>,
            <SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER>,
            <SMART_WALLET_INDEX>
        ).call();
   ```
   Where variables are:

>    * **RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT**: the RSK node endpoint where is running (ex: http://localhost:4444).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT**: the RSK node endpoint where is running (e.g., http://localhost:4444).
```

>    * **SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_ABI**: the smart wallet factory contract abi json to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_ABI**: the smart wallet factory contract ABI to use.
```

   * **SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_ADDRESS**: the deployed smart wallet factory contract address.

>    * **RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS**: the rsk address that will own the smart wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS**: the RSK address that will own the smart wallet.
```

>    * **SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER**: the rsk address that will be the recoverer account, in case the owner account is lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER**: the RSK address that will be the recoverer account, in case the owner account is lost.
```

   * **SMART_WALLET_INDEX**: a wallet index, since we can have more than just one smart wallet per RSK address
   you can specify the index of the wallet.

> 2 (Optional). Now if you want, you can prefund this new address that will represent your smart wallet. To do that you can go
> to any wallet and send some tokens to that address. Also you can use web3 if you are working on regtest, here an
>    example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 (Optional). Now if you want, you can prefund this new address that will represent your smart wallet. To do that you can go to any wallet and send some tokens to that address. Also, you can use web3 if you are working on regtest, here is an example:
```

   ```javascript
      import Web3 from "web3";

      const web3 = new Web3(<RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT>);

      const token = await new this.web3.eth.Contract(
        <ERC20_TOKEN_ABI>,
        <TOKEN_ADDRESS>
      );
     const accounts = await this.web3.eth.getAccounts();
     await token.methods.transfer(<SMART_WALLET_ADDRESS>, this.web3.utils.toWei(<AMOUNT_OF_TOKENS>, "ether"))
          .send({ from: accounts[0] });
   ```
   Where variables are:

>    * **RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT**: the RSK node endpoint where is running (ex: http://localhost:4444).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT**: the RSK node endpoint where is running (e.g., http://localhost:4444).
```

   * **ERC20_TOKEN_ABI**: the ERC20 token contract abi to use.
   * **TOKEN_ADDRESS**: the token contract address.
   * **SMART_WALLET_ADDRESS**: the generated address of last step.
   * **AMOUNT_OF_TOKENS**: string containing the amount of tokens in decimal unit.

   **NOTE: in this example we asume that the `account[0]` of regtest has tokens to use.**

> 3. Finally you need to deploy your smart wallet, to do so you must follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally to deploy your smart wallet, you must follow these steps:
```

        relayVerifierAddress: <RELAY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>,
        deployVerifierAddress: <DEPLOY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>,
        smartWalletFactoryAddress: <SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>
      });
      resolvedConfig.relayHubAddress = <RELAY_HUB_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>;

      const provider = new RelayProvider(web3.currentProvider, config);

      provider.addAccount({
         address: <RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>,
         privateKey: Buffer.from(<RSK_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY>.replaceAll("0x", ""), "hex")
      });

      web3.setProvider(provider);

      const transaction = await provider.deploySmartWallet({
        from: <RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>,
        to: ZERO_ADDRESS,
        gas: "0x27100",
        value: "0",
        callVerifier: <DEPLOY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>,
        callForwarder: <SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>,
        tokenContract: <TOKEN_ADDRESS>,
        tokenAmount: <TOKEN_AMOUNT>,
        data: "0x",
        index: <SMART_WALLET_INDEX>,
        recoverer: <SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER>,
        isSmartWalletDeploy: true,
        onlyPreferredRelays: true,
        smartWalletAddress: <SMART_WALLET_ADDRESS>,
      });
   ```

   Where variables are:

>    * **RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT**: the RSK node enpoint where is running (ex: http://localhost:4444).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **RSK_NODE_ENDPOINT**: the RSK node endpoint where is running (e.g., http://localhost:4444).
```

   * **SMART_WALLET_FACTORY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed smart wallet factory contract address.
   * **RELAY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed relay verifier contract address.
   * **DEPLOY_VERIFIER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed deploy verifier contract address.
   * **RELAY_HUB_CONTRACT_ADDRESS**: the deployed relay hub contract address.
   * **RSK_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS**: the RSK account address.
   * **RSK_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY**: the RSK account private key string.
   * **TOKEN_ADDRESS**: the token address.
   * **TOKEN_AMOUNT**: string containing the amount of tokens in decimal unit. This amount should be lower
     or equal to the amount of tokens that you transferred to the smart wallet account. If you didn't, just set `0` here.
   * **SMART_WALLET_INDEX**: a wallet index, since we can have more than just one smart wallet per RSK address

>    * **SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER**: the rsk address that will be the recoverer account, in case the owner account is lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **SMART_WALLET_RECOVERER**: the RSK address that will be the recoverer account, in case the owner account is lost.
```

### On Testnet

> There is no script for this situation, so you will need to use web3 to instanciate this contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no script for this situation, so you will need to use web3 to instantiate these contracts:
```

- `SmartWalletDeployVerifier`
- `SmartWalletRelayVerifier`
- `CustomSmartWalletDeployVerifier`
- `CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier`

>  Then call the method `acceptToken(address token)` directly in each contracts, using an account with tRBTC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Then call the method `acceptToken(address token)` directly in each contract, using an account with tRBTC.
```

 Then call the method `acceptToken(address token)` directly in each contract, using an account with tRBTC.

## How to Monitor the Address Used to RIF Relay Transactions
It is important to verify the address used to relay transactions to have enough balance (rBTC).
To get the `relayWorkerAddress`, the user can call the relay server endpoint `<host:port>/getaddr`. The following information will be returned:
{
  - `"relayWorkerAddress":"0x242870b75325309f3d1aa635fe175390fd8c15ea"`,

>   - `"relayManagerAddress":"0xaf0e7d0d4ca272181680897d9358724564e88828"`,

Reviewer: Sorry, the GH UI doesn't allow me to suggest all the lines:
```json
{
  "relayWorkerAddress":"0x242870b75325309f3d1aa635fe175390fd8c15ea",
  "relayManagerAddress":"0xaf0e7d0d4ca272181680897d9358724564e88828",
  "relayHubAddress":"0x49b770a30156aDC02a08E1dd0d7CEAb021ABF34D",
  "minGasPrice":"1",
  "chainId":"33",
  "networkId":"33",
  "ready":true,
  "version":"2.0.1"
}
```
starting the code section with "```json"
